Introduce DragAndDrop library (#36)
microsoft/surface-duo-compose-sdk: DragAndDrop/README.md

# Drag and drop - Surface Duo Compose SDK

> **DragAndDrop** is a component for Jetpack Compose that helps you easily add interactive drag and drop capabilities to your app, following Google [Drag and drop](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/drag-drop) guideline. With the drag and drop feature, dual-screen and foldable device can be leveraged to share information in between easilly.

Reviewer: small typo!
```suggestion
**DragAndDrop** is a component for Jetpack Compose that helps you easily add interactive drag and drop capabilities to your app, following Google [Drag and drop](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/drag-drop) guideline. With the drag and drop feature, dual-screen and foldable devices can be leveraged to share information in between easily.
```

    ```gradle
    android { 
        compileSdkVersion 31
        
        defaultConfig { 
            targetSdkVersion 31
        } 
        ... 
    }
    ```

4. Build the drag and drop feature with **DragAndDrop**. Please refer to the [sample](https://github.com/microsoft/surface-duo-compose-sdk/tree/main/DragAndDrop/sample) for more details.

## API reference

The sections below describe how to use DragAndDrop component to build the feature. Please refer to the [Drag and drop documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/dual-screen/android/jetpack/compose) for more details.

### Drag and drop process

1. Wrapping your `Composable` with `DragContainer` to define a draggable area, where the drag and drop happens.

```kotlin
@Composable
fun DragContainer(
    modifier: Modifier = Modifier,
    content: @Composable BoxScope.() -> Unit
)
```

2. Create `DragData` to represent the data to share with the metadata, including `MimeType`.

```kotlin
class DragData(
    val type: MimeType = MimeType.TEXT_PLAIN,
    val data: Any? = null
)
```

```kotlin
enum class MimeType(val value: String) {
    IMAGE_JPEG("image/jpeg"),
    TEXT_PLAIN("text/plain"),
    UNKNOWN_TYPE("unknown")
}
```

> 3. Initialize a `DragTarget` with the created `DragData` and the `Composable` which would repsonse to the user's drag gesture by long pressing. A shadow will be created for the target during the dragging process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize a `DragTarget` with the created `DragData` and the `Composable` which would respond to the user's drag gesture by long pressing. A shadow will be created for the target during the dragging process.
```
